https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-9161 Expand globalnet docs (#6082)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: networking/submariner/subm_configure.adoc

[#configuring-submariner]
= Configuring Submariner

> {product-title} provides Submariner as an add-on for your hub cluster. Read the following topics to learn how to configure Submariner:

Reviewer: Some as before. I think the "why am I doing this?" is clearer if we start with reason.

To learnhow to configure Submariner, read the following topics:

- <<submariner-prereqs,Prerequisites>>
- <<submariner-ports,Submariner ports table>>
- <<submariner-globalnet,Globalnet>>

[#submariner-prereqs]
== Prerequisites

Ensure that you have the following prerequisites before using Submariner:

* A credential to access the hub cluster with `cluster-admin` permissions.

> * IP connectivity must be configured between the gateway nodes. When connecting two clusters, at least one of the clusters must be accessible to the gateway node by using its public or private IP address designated to the gateway node. _Submariner NAT Traversal_ for more information.

Reviewer: At the end, shouldn't we document it as an action for the user to take? 

For more information, see _Submariner NAT Traversal_.

Author: Yes I must have deleted the word "see" by accident, good catch! Should be fixed now.

| Required
|===

[#submariner-globalnet]
== Globalnet

> Globalnet is a Submariner add-on feature that allows you to connect clusters with overlapping Classless Inter-Domain Routings (CIDRs), without changing the CIDRs on existing clusters. Globalnet is a cluster set-wide configuration that you can select when you add the first managed cluster to a cluster set.

Reviewer 2: Should "cluster set" be a single word - i.e., "clusterSet"?

Author: In this case we are just referring to a "set of clusters" in general, but we can also refer to `clusterSet`, I'm OK with either.

Reviewer 3: I think in end-user docs it should be "cluster set". "clusterSet" isn't a word.

> If you enable Globalnet, the virtual Global Private Network assigns a subnet to each managed cluster that you can configure during deployment.

Reviewer 2: How about the following?

```suggestion
If you enable Globalnet, every managed cluster receives a global CIDR from the virtual Global Private Network, which is used to facilitate inter-cluster communication.
```

*Important:* You must enable Globalnet when clusters in a cluster set might have overlapping CIDRs.

> After you install Submariner add-ons on any clusters in the set, you cannot change the Globalnet setting. When using the console, the `ClusterAdmin` can enable Globalnet for a cluster set by selecting the option *Enable Globalnet* when enabling the Submariner add-on for clusters in the cluster set. After enabling Globalnet, you cannot disable it, unless you remove Submariner.

Reviewer 2: I think we now support modifying the state of `Globalnet` when the clusterSet is empty. So users need not remove Submariner to change the status of Globalnet, they just have to remove all the managed clusters from the clusterSet. @tpantelis @vthapar to confirm.

Reviewer 3: That sounds correct.

Author: Updated, thanks!

Author: Just to be clear, is this also true for 2.9 and 2.8?

apiVersion: submariner.io/v1alpha1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  name: submariner-broker <1>
  namespace: broker-namespace <2>
spec:
  globalnetEnabled: true-or-false <3>

> ----

Reviewer 4: Maybe we can add here details about how to change the default GlobalNet CIDR,
Submariner uses "242.0.0.0/8" as default GlobalNet CIDR, to change this value , 'globalnetCIDRRange' field should be set (in submariner-broker spec), the CIDR should be /8.

cc @sridhargaddam

Author: That's a good idea, we can remove the other section that we are not sure about if we do this.

Reviewer 2: Normally, the default GlobalnetCIDR should be fine for majority of the users. We also have many other params which we can include if required, but it would be too verbose and can even lead to confusion. IMO the purpose of this section is to document the minimum steps on how to enable Globanet manually.

> the CIDR should be /8.

JFYI, the CIDR need not be /8

Author: I agree that we want to keep it simple. Since the new topic that we weren't sure about is correct, and it discusses how to change the CIDR, I think we can leave this section as it is.

+
<1> The name must be `submariner-broker`.
<2> Replace `broker-namespace` with the name of your broker namespace.
<3> Replace `true-or-false` with `true` to enable Globalnet.

. Apply the file by running the following command:
+
----
oc apply -f submariner-broker.yaml
----

[#subm-globalnet-numperip]
=== Configuring the number of global IPs

You can assign a configurable number of global IPs by changing the value of the `numberOfIPs` field in the `ClusterGlobalEgressIP` resource. The default value is 8. See the following example:

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer 4: Not 100% sure about this, 
@sridhargaddam  WDYT?

Reviewer 2: Its correct. Please see - https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner/blob/384d06730181423df4ef503f69dd39f062b44350/pkg/globalnet/controllers/types.go#L77
